README.md, before:

# raspberry-sampler
Sampler for the Raspberry 3 

Key concept is to have a box full of knobs to live-edit samples, linked to other instruments using midi. 
Note this is WIP, the design of controllers may change, the box isn't designed yet. 


http://www.kstorm.org

https://soundcloud.com/stroodge/rasperry-sampler-filters

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87chFwOwE38


-----------------------------------

Manual 


![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/skarab/raspberry-sampler/master/schema.png)
 
(0) display current edited value 
 
Bank : 

(1) select bank, basically a folder full of wavs in the main samples/ directory 

    The bank 0 is the global bank : first sample contains the global parameters, main volume, filters, ... next samples are the current used samples (attached to midi), note this list is updated when switching bank so you can detach/re-attach used samples.

(2) lights up if bank is loaded 

(3) load or unload the bank 

(4) save the bank (all parameters & midi settings) 
 

Sample : 

(5) select sample, a 16bits 44100Hz WAV file inside the bank folder 

(6) switch mode : 
   
   0. one shot   : just play it til the end (default) 
   1. loop       : one press to start the loop, one press to stop it 
   2. key        : stop as soon the key is released 
   3. key loop   : loop til the key is released 
   4. instru key : use only midi device and pitch follow the notes 
   5. instru OS  : play notes as one shot samples 
   6. ins. legato: play instru legato 

(7) midi attach/detach : 
   - tap it one time, then the next received midi key is attached.  
     Note: a sample has a single attachment. 
     If you switch another control before a note is received, it just cancel the tap. 
   - tap it two time to detach it 

    The green LED displays if the sample is attached.

(8) play 
 
(9) select parameters to assign to the (10) knobs : 
 
    0.  Volume      Pan            Stereo Amplifier  Pitch, semi tone  Pitch, fine tune  Legato
    1.  BitCrusher  Distortion     Overdrive         Formant filter    Noise amount      Noise pinky
    2.  EQ Low      EQ Medium      EQ High           LP Moog CutOff    HP CutOff         Resonance
    3.  Loop Start  LStart Ftune   LStop Ftune       Loop Stop         Loop Delay        Loop Delay Env
    4.  Start       Start FTune    Env Attack        Env Release       Stop FTune        Stop
 
 
-----------------------------------
 
Hardware parts : 
 - Raspberry 3 
 - SD card 
 - 7-segment LED HT16K33 Backpack 
 - x9 rotary encoder (Electronics AB 9302540010), remove the guts for the parameters knobs (smoother) 
 - 2 led 
 - 5 buttons 
 - cables, proto board, cobbler

Commit message:

Add led to display if sample is playing

README.md, after:

# raspberry-sampler
Sampler for the Raspberry 3 

Key concept is to have a box full of knobs to live-edit samples, linked to other instruments using midi. 
Note this is WIP, the design of controllers may change, the box isn't designed yet. 


http://www.kstorm.org

https://soundcloud.com/stroodge/rasperry-sampler-filters

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87chFwOwE38


-----------------------------------

Manual 


![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/skarab/raspberry-sampler/master/schema.png)
 
(0) display current edited value 
 
Bank : 

(1) select bank, basically a folder full of wavs in the main samples/ directory 

    The bank 0 is the global bank : first sample contains the global parameters, main volume, filters, ... next samples are the current used samples (attached to midi), note this list is updated when switching bank so you can detach/re-attach used samples.

(2) lights up if bank is loaded 

(3) load or unload the bank 

(4) save the bank (all parameters & midi settings) 
 

Sample : 

(5) select sample, a 16bits 44100Hz WAV file inside the bank folder 

(6) switch mode : 
   
   0. one shot   : just play it til the end (default) 
   1. loop       : one press to start the loop, one press to stop it 
   2. key        : stop as soon the key is released 
   3. key loop   : loop til the key is released 
   4. instru key : use only midi device and pitch follow the notes 
   5. instru OS  : play notes as one shot samples 
   6. ins. legato: play instru legato 

(7) midi attach/detach : 
   - tap it one time, then the next received midi key is attached.  
     Note: a sample has a single attachment. 
     If you switch another control before a note is received, it just cancel the tap. 
   - tap it two time to detach it 

    The green LED displays if the sample is attached.

(8) play the sample, the red LED displays if the sample is playing 
 
(9) select parameters to assign to the (10) knobs : 
 
    0.  Volume      Pan            Stereo Amplifier  Pitch, semi tone  Pitch, fine tune  Legato
    1.  BitCrusher  Distortion     Overdrive         Formant filter    Noise amount      Noise pinky
    2.  EQ Low      EQ Medium      EQ High           LP Moog CutOff    HP CutOff         Resonance
    3.  Loop Start  LStart Ftune   LStop Ftune       Loop Stop         Loop Delay        Loop Delay Env
    4.  Start       Start FTune    Env Attack        Env Release       Stop FTune        Stop
 
 
-----------------------------------
 
Hardware parts : 
 - Raspberry 3 
 - SD card 
 - 7-segment LED HT16K33 Backpack 
 - x9 rotary encoder (Electronics AB 9302540010), remove the guts for the parameters knobs (smoother) 
 - 3 led 
 - 5 buttons 
 - cables, proto board, cobbler
